Adds Trust blog post (#110)
datatogether/website: content/posts/10_trust.md

**DAWN**: There are examples of people actually subverting almost the affordances of these technologies. There’s the [Bail Bloc](https://bailbloc.thenewinquiry.com/about.html) fund which built this browser-based crypto miner, [by visiting the site, you help raise funds to pay for people's bail](https://cointelegraph.com/news/bail-bloc-founder-says-how-monero-mining-can-help-ice-detainees). The Black Socialists of America have this [decentralized organizing map](https://blacksocialists.us/dual-power-map) called Dual Power and also builds on the concept of dual power, thinking about building alternative cooperative economies. The idea of **using these technologies in ways that subvert the premise of markets and money** as the site for change is cool

**KEVIN**: Money is this system that  we’ve been born into; it feels more like coercion than trust. We exchange money, not because we trust each other, but because we've been forced to do so.

> **Systems that are not trying to revolutionize financial systems aren't enough** because it doesn't take into account the things that Kelsey was mentioning, at the protests, people giving away hand sanitizer and stuff for free. That’s not a monetary transaction, it’s a build of trust.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Systems that are not trying to revolutionize financial systems aren't enough** because it doesn't take into account the things that Kelsey was mentioning, at the protests, people giving away hand sanitizer and stuff for free. That’s not a monetary transaction, it’s slowly building trust.
```

SSB is a disintermediated platform. We often use the word centralization, but in disintermediation, you have heightened direct contact. We’re seeing this in several spheres; **we have people in the political system speaking directly to citizens**.You also have this heightened amount of contact between police and protester.

**MASH**: I don't know if disintermediation is always a good thing. **In the case where there's an imbalance of power, the fact that it's a direct, unmediated interaction means that the imbalance of power is presented in a pure state**. If you have something that's mediating that interaction, it can be more balanced.

If protesters are interacting with police in the flesh, then they're very vulnerable. But on social media, they can yell at the police department in public, and everyone can see what they're saying. Everyone can understand, the police department just posted some bullshit, and everyone's calling it out. Sometimes it's not a bad thing to have an intermediary.

> **KEVIN**: One aspect of the impossibility trust between the protestors and the police is the anonymity. **The police are covering up their badges and their names, and they're not really individuals anymore**, they're just this blob of force. **How can you ever know them in that context?** They're not creating an environment for trust.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**KEVIN**: One aspect of the impossibility of trust between the protestors and the police is the anonymity. **The police are covering up their badges and their names, and they're not really individuals anymore**, they're just this blob of force. **How can you ever know them in that context?** They're not creating an environment for trust.
```
